my first major leadership gold. Upon graduating from the Naval Academy,
I attended division officer school in car Narrow California. And from
there I went to my first ship. Was his aga out of Long Beach, California
That four is now closed down. But at the time in the eighties,
I was very busy Port and I actually flew to Philippines. So meet
my ship. I was assigned at the engineering department as a main machinery
officer. And so I spent the next my days deployed on the ship,
qualifying as it insuring. Also watch no, isn't Yao and then leading
I had a department signs. I'm sorry. Division assigned me off roughly
80 men. Uh, way were a single sex ship. That one warrant merged
l A female. It was just the way that that ship was filled out and fitted
out with personnel. Um and so I had the crew on my machinist Bates
assign tweet. Two different famous sherry plant. One name, she
replied over too. So a lot of time down there, qualifying. And and then
we were, as I said, deployed so from the Philippines and civic,
I went, uh, with the ship award and I got to go to Singapore, Hong Kong,
Korea, Hawaii and back to Long Beach. So a lot of steaming during
that first seat, as in engineering ulcer.